README.md, before:

# phase-1-project

# Topic: The Supermarket checker.

# Author: Collins Mokaya.


# Project Description:

This is a web page application of Supermarket checker. This page will allow users to get online and go through the various supermarkets avaible and they are able to make a right decision on which supermarket they should shop. This decision is based on the location of the supermarket, the number of the tellers the supermarket has, the commments based on the customers who have shopped there and the ratings of a given supermarket.

This Single page applications seeks to handle the problem of many people being confused where to shop based on the above factors, Mostly looking it from the perspective of the number of tellers , this tells you that the more the number of tellers the faster serving is expected in that supermarket.

The location all matters alot when making a decision on which supermarket to shop at since like those based in CBD, will tend to be congested since most people who work within and around the surrounding will definately prefer to shop there as they go home, thus this application will help users to know the supermarket near the physical location and can make a right decision where to shop.

With many countries shopping in supermarkets and mall is the biggest dilema that many people do no want to deal with since people prefer to just spend the least time doing shopping. Now that this is a global problem, this application will be a stress reliever to many shoppers and make it even more enjoyable.

    "/* But according to a new survey by Bankrate.com, 72% of respondents are still taking trips to the grocery store amid the pandemic, rather than ordering in and using delivery services.*/" This is because delivery services reported more than 83% issues, thus still people will prefer to visit supemarkets by themselves.


# Project Setup  Instractions
1. create the web page using the html and style it using css.
2. create the javaScript file 
3. Call the javascript through html under the head tag.
4. In the script. js file, create a function called dispalySupermarkets to contain the card with a div that has a class name supermarket-sheet.
5. Fetch the supermarket data using the asynchronous and use JSON format.
6. Create the getData ,addComment and giveRate functions.
7 Add the DOMContentLoaded ,click and Submit eventListens.
8. Ensure the page doesnt have any redirecting when reloading.
9. Ensure also the page prevents default loading.
10. Ensure the page does not persist.

# Linking to live site on Github.pages
 In the Github repository, click on the settings, then scroll down to Github pages. Under source section choose main and save. then the page refreshes, scroll back to Github pages to see the generated site link.
    /*https://github.com/collinsmokaya28/phase-1-project/*/



The document is licensed as /*CCO 1.0 Universal*/

Commit message:

Updated the user stories in the README.md file

README.md, after:

# phase-1-project

# Topic: The Supermarket checker.

# Author: Collins Mokaya.


# Project Description:

This is a web page application of Supermarket checker. This page will allow users to get online and go through the various supermarkets avaible and they are able to make a right decision on which supermarket they should shop. This decision is based on the location of the supermarket, the number of the tellers the supermarket has, the commments based on the customers who have shopped there and the ratings of a given supermarket.

This Single page applications seeks to handle the problem of many people being confused where to shop based on the above factors, Mostly looking it from the perspective of the number of tellers , this tells you that the more the number of tellers the faster serving is expected in that supermarket.

The location all matters alot when making a decision on which supermarket to shop at since like those based in CBD, will tend to be congested since most people who work within and around the surrounding will definately prefer to shop there as they go home, thus this application will help users to know the supermarket near the physical location and can make a right decision where to shop.

With many countries shopping in supermarkets and mall is the biggest dilema that many people do no want to deal with since people prefer to just spend the least time doing shopping. Now that this is a global problem, this application will be a stress reliever to many shoppers and make it even more enjoyable.

    "/* But according to a new survey by Bankrate.com, 72% of respondents are still taking trips to the grocery store amid the pandemic, rather than ordering in and using delivery services.*/" This is because delivery services reported more than 83% issues, thus still people will prefer to visit supemarkets by themselves.

# User Stories
. As a user am able to get online and see through the various supermarkets and choose the preferred
. As a user am able to choose a given supermarket based on my needs like the location 
. As a user am able to leave a comment concern the services i get in a given supermarket.
. As a user am able to rate a given supermarket based on its services and the given number of tellers.


# Project Setup  Instractions
1. create the web page using the html and style it using css.
2. create the javaScript file 
3. Call the javascript through html under the head tag.
4. In the script. js file, create a function called dispalySupermarkets to contain the card with a div that has a class name supermarket-sheet.
5. Fetch the supermarket data using the asynchronous and use JSON format.
6. Create the getData ,addComment and giveRate functions.
7 Add the DOMContentLoaded ,click and Submit eventListens.
8. Ensure the page doesnt have any redirecting when reloading.
9. Ensure also the page prevents default loading.
10. Ensure the page does not persist.

# Linking to live site on Github.pages
 In the Github repository, click on the settings, then scroll down to Github pages. Under source section choose main and save. then the page refreshes, scroll back to Github pages to see the generated site link.
    /*https://github.com/collinsmokaya28/phase-1-project/*/



The document is licensed as /*CCO 1.0 Universal*/
